I would say I'm sorry, but I'm not
It was a pleasure to meet you
It was a pleasure to beat you
You have made my life hell from day 1! Forget you, go home, goodbye!
I'll miss you
It's not strategic, strictly personal
It's not personal, strictly strategic
You suck
I know you came out here to cleanse your family name. You're not doing a good job of it.
I have no idea what's going on
Let's hope this works
Prepared to be blinded by the lights, The Weeknd
Oh my goodness
*fingers crossed*
The fact that you are a nuclear engineer is genuinely, genuinely scary.
I really hope you don't have that idol because voting you off would just be so delicious. It would be so indescribably delicious. It would be *chef's kiss*.
*Chef's Kiss*
I'm sorry, I'm not crossing it out this time
Get off my island
You would've beat me at the end
It had to be done
You don't deserve to be here
Kachow
Checkmate bruh
I'm the king of this island
I'm the queen of this island
You're like the cockroach that won't die under your refrigerator. Hopefully, you're going home tonight.
I am voting for you because when you snore at night it sounds like someone is choking a walrus
Stop rapping
You, my friend, are the Dragon. And I am the Dragon Slayer
Reality check, and mate. Never underestimate the power of a woman
I don't even know what to say...but thank you
My mother always told me, you may not be able to beat them with these all the time *points to muscles*, but you can always beat them with this *points to head*
You are a 100%, grade-A dirt squirrel
This vote is out of respect
Don't hate the players, hate the game
This is my wizard lightning shooting you back home, kapow!
Best three seconds of my day. Can't wait for you to go home.
Please, please, please, please, please, please!
Lines have been drawn
You fell victim to one of the classic blunders! The most famous of which is, 'never get invloved in a land war in Asia,' but only slightly less well-known is this: 'Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line!'
You have a lot of growing up to do
Regretfully casting this vote
L 7 Weenie
Loser
I hope you enjoy the ambiance at home
You're crazy as hell, but I still like you
We will grab some beers after this is all over
Should've read the fine print
Bro, this vote is a real bummer, dude. Man.
I'm voting you out tonight because I just don't like you
This is my game, sucka
Your wish is my command
Goodbye my cuddle bear. You are not to be trusted.
You may be the golden boy, but I'm platinum. Hope it's you.
Never tell an insane person they are going home next
Smell ya later
Baby girl, you did not play the game. I don't even know if you knew this was the game 'Survivor'.
I have to call a spade, a spade. If you want to pretend like it's something else, go right ahead. God bless you and shut up.
Just sit there and look pretty
Is this a revenge vote? Hell yeah!
If you pull out an idol, I will soil myself
Split vote.
This would be the 'Outwit' of 'Outwit, Outplay, Outlast'
When you bring up my name, you pack your bags
All mass, no class
Wow. Piece of work
Who do you think you are?
Please stop talking
Did you even do ANYTHING out here?
This catfight needs to be resolved somehow. Yeesh
You're a grown man. Consider a name change.
Good girl, say hello to bad guy
Moral of the story: Actually play the game before you get played.
We have one mouth and two ears for a reason. Listen more.
This is my love letter to you. Since you tried to vote me out, I figured I should return the favor.
You are really starting to irk my soul...a lot
I've never in my life heard a grown man whine and complain as much as you.
I'd rather be casting this vote for your little errand boy, but you'll just have to do.
You're crabby and bitter. Bye.
You're patronizing, judgmental, you're just not a good person. I really don't like you.
I can honestly say I'm proud of how I've played this game, can you?
I'll vote you out and you'll still give me the million
I have absolutely no idea what just happened, but with this vote I'm sealing my fate.
Reflecting back, I should've never trusted you.
I can't believe I liked you
You're a basketcase
I hope you are better in the real world.
You just couldn't make the cut, sorry kid.
Our rivalry was legendary, but it must end now.
MUAHAHAHAHA
You really pack a punch, I wish you went out quietly
Should've never opened your mouth at Tribal
Hate isn't a strong enough word to convey the feelings I have against you
The biggest sacrifices require the strongest of wills, loved playing with you but this needs to be done.
I trusted you and you broke that trust.
GAME OVER!
ggs pogger
This is pretty much self explanatory
You voted for me last time, there is nothing like returning the favor.
You're one of the snakes, I've got to get rid of you.
I've been waiting for this day for so long, and I'm so happy it's here.
I'm voting for you because payback is a bitch.
You play with fire, you're gonna get burned.
You are a viporous poison
It feels so good to play with you amateurs, you give away so much. You don't even know how to keep your mouth shut. Thanks for the memories.
I hope to never see you again
You are one odd duck
I suggest a book on self-awareness, it would be super beneficial for your future.
You're the godfather no more.
Welcome to the guillotine
I can't sit with you in the final three
Even though you tried to redeem yourself, it's a little too late
Moo!
The snake bites back
Take this
What the hell is going on?
How do I say this nicely, f*** you.
Crabby pants.
You are the definition of arrogance
Great game, tough loss
Here is your ticket home
Suck toes butterboy
I bet you didn't see this one coming.
You are a terrible Survivor player
I don't know what your problem is, but I bet it's be hard to pronounce
Shock me, say something intelligent
Is your ass jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth?
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
Of course I didn't take your advice, Eagles don't take flight lessons from chickens.
Your face is fine, but you should put a bag over that personality.
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
You're as useless as the g in lasagna
If you were drowning I'd throw you both ends of rope
You are the human equivalent of a participation trophy
You are why the gene pool needs a lifeguard
I'll never forget our first night at camp, but I'll keep trying.
Are your parents siblings?
You are worse than the Commanders
You should crawl back into the sewers you came out of.
I like you and hope you have a good life.
LIVE. LAUGH. LOVE. YOUR MOM
GASLIGHT GATEKEEP GIRLBOSS *dab*